Hello and welcome once more to RuneLabs.
This month we've got some very important information about the future of RuneLabs
and Mod Osborne is here to help you write the perfect pitch.
But first up Mod Avatar is here to take us to the depths of the afterlife.
This year's Halloween event was suggested by Cinder Quill.
It was the Icthlarin vs Amascut event.
There's a lot of cool characters and cool lore surrounding it.
We're well underway with the prototyping of the event now. We've got some good ideas and decent designs.
We've been talking to Cinder Quill quite a lot over the last few weeks and the events really come together.
This year's Halloween event is in the underworld.
We've not been there before but there have been some books in game that describe the area itself.
So we use those when we sent it over to our concept guys and they've done a really awesome job.
It's got some really cool-looking statues and gargoyles
which are modelled after Icthlarin and Amascut, the jackal and the lion.
The place itself has got one island at the bottom
and it's going to have the holding area for the event.
Then we've got the bridge over the river Noumenon.
The river Noumenon is where the souls of the undead need to cross to be taken into the afterlife.
During the event you're going to be fighting Amascut's Devourers.
They're their devouring souls in the underworld and you're there to stop them.
As well as the Devourers, you're going to be facing off against Amascuts avatar.
That's going to be at the gates of the underworld and Icthlarin is holding the gates shut
until the time when he's ready to take all the souls through
and then everyone's going to have to face off against the avatar.
The next main stages of development are going into the lore and a lot of the characters we want to get involved in it.
We've been doing a lot of mechanical and structural stuff to the event so far.
We wanted to get that down and make sure that the core of the event was good fun.
But now we're really happy with that.
We're now going to start going around it and tying it altogether with some really cool lore and story.
Since February RuneLabs has seen large updates, medium updates, events, new mobs, new quests and a whole lot more.
But this month we're making some changes to the system.
We managed to track down Mod Kelpie to find out how the changes will affect you guys.
Not too long ago Mod Osborne sent out some feedback surveys around to the players to gauge their interest in RuneLabs.
The responses we got across the board were very indifferent.
Therefore we're going to change things up for next year.
So for the time being RuneLabs is in an open period.
You can suggest and support whatever you like and you can be assured we're keeping an eye on all your cool and crazy ideas.
Smaller suggestions that we like may be included in relevant projects or be done as ninja fixes.
Larger projects may influence our planned releases in the future.
A good example is the current highest supported suggestion on RuneLabs
and that is adding blood dyes to treasure trails.
We've a small graphical requirement and just a bit of plugging in to do.
I'm sure you can expect to see it in the near future.
So it's now going to be more important than ever that you write the most kick-ass pitch possible.
And luckily for you, the one and only Mod Osborne is here with tips on writing a pitch that will help you stand out from the crowd.
Although if you all follow these tips, then you'll be from a different crowd, in the same crowd, together.
Anyway, here he is!
I'm here to give you the top 5 tips about how to get your RuneLabs idea noticed and in game.
Five.
Find a way to summarise your idea with a hook.
Focus on what everybody can get behind.
If you feel this removes some detail or complexity from your idea, add them as stretch goals at the end of your post.
Four.
Get the community behind it.
Take to Reddit, your clan, forums, or even tweet a JMod.
Get them all to champion your idea.
If your idea is good, people will flock to it.
Images in particular will get your idea seen.
Three.
If you have a cool reward, make it a separate RuneLabs suggestion.
We're always on the lookout for cool rewards, and they get lost in another suggestion.
Two.
Don't use tricks.
If you manage to get your idea to the top of RuneLabs with a title like "Support my idea and get a P-hat", we'll remove it.
And you'll run out of bank pretty quickly.
One.
Think about the original, the imaginative and the left field.
We're loving your ninja fixes and quest sequels, but we'd like to see more outlandish ideas.
If you have a wild idea that changes the way people play, put it on RuneLabs and see what happens.
Well, that's about it for another episode of RuneLabs.
Remember, we're not looking for any set criteria, so now is the time to submit all your weird and wonderful ideas.
And if you follow those suggestions from Mod Osborne, hopefully it won't be long till we see them in the game.
See you next time!